This is workspaces for creating iDecs local/remote interface based on html.

Structure of the interface is based on xml and javascript.It is using mqttws31.js as javascript client
 for mosquitto local server.

Xml file are here use to define devices and rooms relationship ,also contain the topic information for javascript client.

There should be two type of information transmitting under each topic

      Device status information:
           Status information provide connectivity indication between device and iDecs.For each individual device after
       setup, the task is subscribe to the topic and publish "connect" message to the topic ,the publish a LAST WILL
       AND TESTAMENT (lwt) message "disconnect" to the topic.In the event device sudden disconnect. Mqtt server will
       release lwt message to topic,and the related interface will ture to disable stage until device is reconnected
       and "connect" message is published again.

      Command and data information:
          Command and data are passing in between device and interface with in format of string(So far I only tried string).
       For example ,A IoT light is setup and connected,The switch related to device is on enable stage.There are two state
       on the switch and two state on device which are on & off . When the Switch turn to off state, Mqtt javascript will
       seen a message "OFF" to the topic which device and related interface subscribe to .Then device will receive the
       message "OFF". Soon as device receive the "OFF" command , It will set the device to off state and publish a retained
       message "deviceOFF".Then Switch will switch to off state based on message"deviceOFF" other wise Switch will turn
       back to on state till message received.What the retained message would do is that when a new controller (another
       controlling device like mobile phone )subscribe to this topic ,It will receive the last retained message to set
       the interface to the right state.



I am uploading a xml examples,and i hope that would help you to understand how the xml looks like.

I will also provide a graphic structure on how the system should function.

The mqttws31.js is a javascript websocket client for mqtt server .
the usage of mqttws31.js can be find on eclipse paho project.